README.md, before:

# Devilution-X Iced Branch

# What is Devilution-X Iced Branch
	* This is a special fork of the Devilution-X project(https://github.com/diasurgical/devilutionX).
	* This fork adds new features like hardware accelerated rendering and new modding support.

# Compiling from Source:
	1) Install visual studio 2022, and open the cmake project and hit compile.
	2) Run the installation instructions, but everything should be ran from the "build" folder.

# Installation Instructions:
	1) Purchase Diablo 1 from GoG.
	2) Install .net 6.0 core(https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-desktop-6.0.0-rc.1-windows-x64-installer)
	3) Extract the contents of diabdat.mpq to the mpq_data folder. There are many tools online to help you do this.
	4) run convertdata.bat - at this point you should see a ton of text go through as it is converting the data.
	5) finally run x64-release/devilutionx.exe

# Note from the author:
	Don't ruin this for the entire community, never ever redistribute the contents of the base folder. 

# System Requirements:
	Windows 10 or higher.
	4gb of ram or higher.
	Graphics card that supports OpenGL 3.0(integrated cards are supportted).

# Features:
	1) Full 32bit renderer using OpenGL hardware acceleration.
	2) Majority of tables that were once hardcoded are now exported to excel csv spreadsheets(mod/excel folder).
	3) The majority of the data, after running the conversion tool, will be converted into formats that are easier for rendering,
	   and modding. The data generated by the conversion tool is property of Blizzard Entertainment(the base folder). This is a
	   great way to understand the layout of the data, and how to go about making new content for your mod. But you are in no way
	   allowed to redistribute the data in the base folder. 
	4) OpenAL audio pipeline.

Commit message:

Hellfire tileset is now converted.

README.md, after:

# Devilution-X Iced Branch

# What is Devilution-X Iced Branch
	* This is a fork of the Devilution-X project(https://github.com/diasurgical/devilutionX).
	* This fork adds new features like hardware accelerated rendering and new modding support.

# Compiling from Source:
	1) Install visual studio 2022, and open the cmake project and hit compile.
	2) Run the installation instructions, but everything should be ran from the "build" folder.

# Installation Instructions:
	1) Purchase Diablo 1 from GoG.
	2) Install .net 6.0 core(https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-desktop-6.0.0-rc.1-windows-x64-installer)
	3) Extract the contents of diabdat.mpq to the mpq_data folder. There are many tools online to help you do this.
	4) Extract the nlevels folder out of hellfire.mpq to the mpq_data folder. There are many tools online to help you do this.
	5) run convertdata.bat - at this point you should see a ton of text go through as it is converting the data.
	6) finally run x64-release/devilutionx.exe

# Note from the author:
	Don't ruin this for the entire community, never ever redistribute the contents of the base folder. 

# System Requirements:
	Windows 10 or higher.
	4gb of ram or higher.
	Graphics card that supports OpenGL 3.0(integrated cards are supportted).

# Features:
	1) Full 32bit renderer using OpenGL hardware acceleration.
	2) Majority of tables that were once hardcoded are now exported to excel csv spreadsheets(mod/excel folder).
	3) The majority of the data, after running the conversion tool, will be converted into formats that are easier for rendering,
	   and modding. The data generated by the conversion tool is property of Blizzard Entertainment(the base folder). This is a
	   great way to understand the layout of the data, and how to go about making new content for your mod. But you are in no way
	   allowed to redistribute the data in the base folder. 
	4) OpenAL audio pipeline.
